= socialcast-git-extensions

= Core Git Extensions

=== Options
* --quiet => supress posting message in Socialcast

== git start <new_branch_name (optional)>

update local repository with latest upstream changes and create a new feature branch

== git update

update the local feature branch with latest remote changes plus upstream released changes.

== git integrate <aggregate_branch_name (optional, default: prototype)>

integrate the current feature branch into an aggregate branch (ex: prototype, staging)

== git reviewrequest

create a pull request on github for peer review of the current branch.

=== Optional:
Create a Review Buddy mapping that will reference the local Github username and @mention a pre-assigned review buddy in the Socialcast Review Request message.  Specify the mapping by creating a YML file relative to the Repo Root: config/scgitx_review_buddies.yml with the following format:

    emilyjames: # Github Username "emilyjames"
      socialcast_username: "EmilyJames" # Socialcast UserName
      buddy: bobdavis # Buddy's Github username
    bobdavis:
      socialcast_username: "BobDavis"
      buddy: emilyjames

In this example, when Emily runs `git reviewrequest` from her local machine, @BobDavis will receive an @mention in Socialcast notifying him to review her branch.  If Bob runs the command, Emily will receive a notice in Socialcast.

== git release

release the current feature branch to master

= Extra Git Extensions

== git cleanup

delete released branches after they have been merged into master.

== git nuke <aggregate_branch_name>

reset an aggregate branch (ex: prototype, staging) back to a known good state.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Socialcast, Inc. See LICENSE for details.
